The Kamasutra, an ancient Indian Sanskrit text attributed to Vatsyayana, discusses various aspects of love, relationships, and intimacy. While it does not explicitly list "22 pleasure spots," it does describe different erogenous zones and areas of a woman's body that can enhance pleasure when stimulated.

Here are the major erogenous zones mentioned in various interpretations of the Kamasutra and other classical texts:

Primary Pleasure Spots (Highly Sensitive Areas)
Lips – Kissing, sucking, and gentle biting can enhance arousal.
Earlobes & Neck – Soft touches and whispers create intimacy.
Breasts & Nipples – Gentle caresses, sucking, or licking can heighten pleasure.
Lower Back – Massaging this area can be very stimulating.
Inner Thighs – A highly sensitive zone leading to deeper arousal.
Navel & Abdomen – Slow caresses and kisses increase sensuality.
Clitoris – The most sensitive erogenous zone with numerous nerve endings.
Vaginal Opening – Stimulation enhances arousal and pleasure.
Perineum – The area between the vagina and anus is highly responsive.
Buttocks – Gentle touches, kisses, and massages can excite.
Secondary Pleasure Spots (Moderately Sensitive Areas)
Palms & Fingers – Gentle stroking and interlocking fingers increase connection.
Feet & Toes – Foot massages can be extremely relaxing and sensual.
Wrists & Inner Arms – Soft touches and kisses can create anticipation.
Behind the Knees – A surprisingly sensitive spot for many women.
Shoulders & Collarbone – Light kisses and touches increase intimacy.
Scalp & Hair – Massaging the scalp can be very soothing and pleasurable.
Hips & Waist – Soft touches enhance sensuality.
Back of the Neck – One of the most arousing spots when kissed gently.
Tertiary Pleasure Spots (Less Common But Stimulating Areas)
Elbows & Forearms – Light caresses create tingling sensations.
Spine – Running fingers or light pressure along the spine can be pleasurable.
Ankles – Gentle touches or kisses can spark excitement.
Inner Cheeks & Jawline – Subtle stimulation can increase attraction.